[IMP] Payroll - UAE localization (#17643)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll/payroll_localizations/united_arab_emirates.rst

   that are set on the contract and then deduct the amounts that should be deducted such as unpaid
   leaves, sick leaves, manual deductions, commission, etc.

Employee net cost
-----------------

The employee net cost allows payroll officers to track the total employee cost beyond the employee's
net salary. The employee's net cost is computed automatically upon each generated payslip and
includes both direct and indirect costs.

Direct costs represent the employee's payable amount, while indirect costs include other employer

> costs, as well as contributions such as DEWS and social insurance. Although these amounts are

Reviewer: totally optional! ignore if it makes the sentence inaccurate 

```suggestion
Direct costs represent the total amount payable to the employee, while indirect costs include additional employer expenses, such as DEWS and social insurance. Although these amounts are
```

calculated and available in the system for internal reporting and analysis, they do not appear on
the payslip PDF generated for the employee.

.. example::
   If an employee has a net payable salary of 20,000 AED, and the following indirect costs:

   - Medical insurance of 3,000 AED a year (250 AED a month).
   - Social Insurance Company Contribution of 3,000 AED.
   - Social Insurance Employee Contribution 2,200 AED.

>    The employee's Net Cost is: 20,000+ 250 + 3,000 + 2,200 = 23,250 AED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The employee's Net Cost is: 20,000 + 250 + 3,000 + 2,200 = 23,250 AED
```
